= tickle
  http://github.com/noctivityinc/tickle
  by Joshua Lippiner, Noctivity

-- DESCRIPTION

Tickle is a natural language parser for recurring events.
 
Tickle is designed to be a compliment of Chronic and can interpret things such as "every 2 days, every Sunday, Sundays, Weekly, etc."

Tickle has one main method, "Tickle.parse," which returns two variables, the next interval followed by the interval length in days.   Tickle returns nil if it cannot parse the string cannot be parsed.

-- INSTALLATION

Tickle can be installed via RubyGems:

$ gem install tickle

-- TINKERING

Everything's at Github - http://github.com/noctivityinc/tickle

== USAGE

You can parse strings containing a natural language interval using the Tickle.parse method.

  require 'rubygems'
  require 'tickle'
  
  Time.now  #=>  2010-04-21 14:32:02 -0400
  
  Tickle.parse('every 2 days')
    #=> 2010-04-23, 2
  
  Tickle.parse('every Sunday')  #=> note, this upcoming Sunday is 4/25/2010
    #=> 2010-04-25, 7
  
  Tickle.parse('every 3 weeks')  
    #=> 2010-05-12, 21
  
  Tickle.parse('2 days')
    #=> 2010-04-23, 2
    
    
You can either pass a string prefixed with the word "every" or simply the time frame.  

-- LIMITATIONS

Currently, Tickle only works for day intervals but feel free to fork and add time-based interval support.  Also, numbers must be entered in numeric and not string form (i.e. 3 not three).



== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Joshua Lippiner. See LICENSE for details.
